docs: updating README to include information for backend kits (#1244)
thisdot/starter.dev: README.md

# starter.dev

> [starter.dev](https://starter.dev/) is a set of zero-configuration frontend and backend kits built with essential tools including TypeScript, testing, linting, Storybook, and more. You can generate a new project within minutes by running `npx @this-dot/create-starter` and choosing a kit from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[starter.dev](https://starter.dev/) is a set of zero-configuration development kits built with essential tools, such as TypeScript, testing, linting, Storybook, and more, out of the box. You can generate a new project within seconds by running `npx @this-dot/create-starter` and choosing the kit of your choice from the list.
```

> This GitHub repository is a monorepo for the [starter.dev](https://starter.dev/) project. Here are the main directories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is a monorepo containing the website and kits provided by the [starter.dev](https://starter.dev/) project. Here are the main directories:
```

  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [README file structures](#readme-file-structures)
- [Essentials for Frontend kits](#essentials-for-frontend-kits)
  - [State management](#state-management)
  - [Styling](#styling)
  - [Example Components](#example-components)
  - [Storybook](#storybook)
- [Essentials for Backend kits](#essentials-for-backend-kits)
  - [Data Stores](#data-stores)
  - [CORS configuration](#cors-configuration)
  - [API Implementation and documentation](#api-implementation-and-documentation)
- [Adding a starter kit to the website](#adding-a-starter-kit-to-the-website)
- [Adding a starter kit to the CLI](#adding-a-starter-kit-to-the-cli)
- [How to report an issue with the site or a starter kit](#how-to-report-an-issue-with-the-site-or-a-starter-kit)
- [How to get started contributing to starter.dev](#how-to-get-started-contributing-to-starterdev)

## How to run the scaffolding script

1. Run `npx @this-dot/create-starter` in the command line
2. Select a starter kit
3. Name your project
4. `cd` into your new project
5. Install the dependencies (`npm install`, `yarn`, etc.)

## Approval process for a new starter kit

> If you have an idea for a new starter kit, please open up a new [issue](https://github.com/thisdot/starter.dev/issues/new?assignees=&labels=New+Issue%2C+feature&template=feature_request.yml&title=%5BFeature%5D%3A+) and provide all of the necessary details(framework, state management, styling, etc.) for the kit. Once the issue has been created, one of the core team members will get back to you.

Reviewer: Please don't include this. This is strictly our internal process and shouldn't be a part of this project's main flow.

## Feature branches for starter kits

> Once your kit is approved, then you will need to create a new feature branch. (Ex. `feat/nuxt3-pinia-vuetify-kit`). You can then start to break up your work in the following [tickets](https://github.com/thisdot/starter.dev/tree/main/.github/custom-issue-template). Once the kit is built and approved, then you can merge your feature branch into main.

Reviewer: Ditto about internal process
